add sig scalability charter (#86)
kubeedge/community: sig-scalability/README.md

# Scalability Special Interest Group

> SIG Scalability is responsible for defining and driving scalability goals for KubeEdge. We also coordinate and contribute to general system-wide scalability and performance improvements (not falling into the charter of other individual SIGs) by driving large architectural changes and finding bottlenecks, as well as provide guidance and consultations about any scalability and performance related aspects of Kubernetes. We are actively working on finding and removing various scalability bottlenecks which should lead us towards pushing system's scalability higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIG Scalability is responsible for defining and driving scalability goals for KubeEdge. We also coordinate and contribute to general system-wide scalability and performance improvements (not falling into the charter of other individual SIGs) by driving large architectural changes and finding bottlenecks, as well as provide guidance and consultations about any scalability and performance related aspects of Kubernetes. We are actively working on finding and removing various scalability bottlenecks which will lead us towards pushing the entire system's scalability higher.
```

Author: done
